Updated contributing guide docs to clarify order of properties (#28749)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: contributing/topics/guide-new-fields-to-data-source.md

## Docs

> Lastly, don't forget to update the docs. The property ordering is:
> 
> * Standard properties (e.g. Name, Location, Resource Group)
> * Then `Requried` properties in alphabetical order
> * Then `Optional` properties in alphabetical order

Reviewer: Suggestion to avoid repeating the same information multiple times. Since earlier in this document we link to the `guide-new-data-source.md` file for the ordering already.
 
```suggestion
Lastly, don't forget to update the documentation. Property ordering within the documentation follows the same conventions as in the schema.
```
